final_project/README.md, before:

# Compiling and runnning bare metal projects on RPI2/3

1. Install arm-none-eabi toolchain (https://developer.arm.com/open-source/gnu-toolchain/gnu-rm/downloads) to `/usr/local/` and make sure it's in your $PATH 

2. Format SD card as fat32, named BOOT.

3. Copy over RPi's boot code (bootcode.bin and start.elf, get it from https://github.com/raspberrypi/firmware/tree/master/boot) to the root of the SD card. 

4. Run with sd card still in. First will compile a kernel.img to run, the second will copy to SD card (this is convenience target, can also easily just copy the resulting kernel.img to the SD card root).
```
> make
> make copy
```
5. Install SD card in RPi and plug in power. The kernel.img will start executing. 

# Examples:

1. rpi_test_project
    
This is a simple project using the ARM timer interrupt to flash an LED. Note the LED flashing only works on RPI2, for RPI3 change to a different GPIO, on the header 

2. uart_example

Demonstrates writing using the mini UART (UART 1) and a simple implementation of printf.

Commit message:

Pam example start (still not working)
Need to figure out why pwm isn’t clocking out. Something to do with the
clock source? see the bcm2836 library to figure out how they do it. (of
course theres no documentation on this topic)

final_project/README.md, after:

# Compiling and runnning bare metal projects on RPI2/3

1. Install arm-none-eabi toolchain (https://developer.arm.com/open-source/gnu-toolchain/gnu-rm/downloads) to `/usr/local/` and make sure it's in your $PATH 

2. Format SD card as fat32, named BOOT.

3. Copy over RPi's boot code (bootcode.bin and start.elf, get it from https://github.com/raspberrypi/firmware/tree/master/boot) to the root of the SD card. 

4. Run with sd card still in. First will compile a kernel.img to run, the second will copy to SD card (this is convenience target, can also easily just copy the resulting kernel.img to the SD card root).
```
> make
> make copy
```
5. Install SD card in RPi and plug in power. The kernel.img will start executing. 

# Examples:

Each of these examples build on the previous, so the last example should contain all the features, so copy code from an earlier example into a later one to use that featuer. 

1. rpi_test_project
    
This is a simple project using the ARM timer interrupt to flash an LED. Note the LED flashing only works on RPI2, for RPI3 change to a different GPIO, on the header 

2. uart_example

Demonstrates writing using the mini UART (UART 1) and a simple implementation of printf.
